#summary Configuration options for the Regions plugin.
#sidebar TableOfContents

=The Regions Plugin=

The _Regions_ plugin is an extended form of the standard Flowplayer _Content_ plugin that allows multiple HTML "regions" to be defined on the player canvas.

Use the Regions plugin to define a series of "regions" on the player that can be used to display overlay and non-overlay advertising. Given that a region is basically a HTML block, it can also be used to display messaging to accompany a video ad such as sponsorship messaging or "this is an advert" type messaging.

By default, 4 regions are automatically declared - a *"top"* region that occupies the width of the player 50 pixels deep, a *"bottom"* region that is also the width of the player and 50 pixels height, a region that covers the *"full screen"*, and a thin region (20px high) at the base of the screen to be used for general ad messaging (tagged *"message"*).

Any number of customised regions can be declared. To illustrate how this is done, review the following example that illustrates the options that are declared for the default "message" region:

{{{
<code class="javascript">
    ....
    plugins: {
        openXRegions: {
            url: 'flash/OpenXVastRegions-0.4.1.swf',
            regions: [
               { id: 'message',
                 verticalAlign: 'bottom',
                 horizontalAlign: 'right',
                 width: '100%',
                 height: 20
               }
            ]
        }
     ....
}}}

A "region" can be configured in much the same way as the Content plugin is configured.
    
Here is an example configuration for the Regions plugin:
{{{
<code class="javascript">
    ....
    plugins: {
        openXRegions: {
            url: 'flash/OpenXVastRegions-0.4.1.swf',
            stylesheet: 'css/region-general.css',
            borderRadius: 1,
            border: '0px', 
            backgroundTransparent: true,
            backgroundColor: 'transparent',
            onClick: function() {},
            regions: [
               { id: 'message',
                 verticalAlign: 'bottom',
                 horizontalAlign: 'right',
                 width: '100%',
                 height: 20,
                 stylesheet: 'css/region-message.css',                 
                 backgroundColor: '#ffffff',
                 showCloseButton: true,
                 closeButtonImage: 'images/closebutton.gif',
                 html: '&lt;p class="warning" align="right"&gt;This is an advertisement&lt;/p&gt;',
               }
            ]
        }
     ....
}}}
The example above illustrates how options are defined at general and region specific levels. In this example, a stylesheet is attached to the plugin (`region-general.css`) - the styles defined in this stylesheet are available to be used in all regions. Several other options are defined at a general level - the border, background color and transparency, and a radius for the border. Unless these values are overridden by a specific region, they will automatically be applied at the region level.

The "message" region specifically defines an additional stylesheet to pull in and an overriding background color (`#ffffff`). It also specifies that a close button is to be displayed for this region and that the attached image is to be shown when the region is visible on the player.

HTML text to be displayed by the regions can be defined at a general or regions specific level. In the example above, a general warning message is configured as the standard body for the "message" region. The html definition references a style class ('warning')  that is defined in the `region-message.css` stylesheet.

Javascript callbacks are also available at a general level. In the example above, the `onClick()` callback is defined - when a region is clicked, this callback will be executed allowing you to define custom behaviour to occur outside of the player when the user clicks on advertising region.

A wide range of configuration options are available, allowing you to define regions of pretty much any shape and style. Below is a complete list of options: