#summary Where to Begin With Video Ad Delivery
#sidebar TableOfContents

<wiki:gadget url="http://static.bouncingminds.com/gadgets/factoid/openx-iab-vast-home-1.xml" width="710" height="90" border="0" />

This section will walk you through the steps required to quickly get up and running with the video ad delivery technology. 

The "Getting Started" guide will:

  * Help you understand how to setup OpenX to serve Video Ads
  * Walk you throughthe setup of the Video Play side to schedule and play video ads

At the end of the process, you will have a simple demo up and running.

To setup an end-to-end demo you will need to make an important choice concerning the delivery of your video ads.

This choice centers around the protocol that you wish to use to download and play your video ads in the video player.

At present, 2 protocols are supported:

  #  [GettingStartedRTMP RTMP] - Real Time Messaging Protocol ([http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Time_Messaging_Protocol RTMP protocol details])
  #  [GettingStartedHTTPDownload HTTP Download] (also known as Progressive Download) ([http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_download HTTP download protocol details])

A present, the Flowplayer video ad streamer only supports RTMP based video ad delivery.

The Longtail JW Player ad streamer supports both RTMP and HTTP Download.

Work is underway to release a version of the Flowplayer Ad Streamer to support HTTP Download. Check back on this site regularly to get the latest on that development.